[Weather] This is strange,
illogical even.
Whoever the enemy is, they're
using a Stand right now.
I can clearly feel
its presence.
But for some reason,
the Stand User
isn't in this town.
I can even sense them
moving further away.
If they were going to launch
an attack on us,
they'd have to move closer.
What does this mean?
[suspenseful music]
[Anastasia's soul] There it is.
Come back here, body.
If the enemy is smart,
they'll try to assassinate me
while I'm vulnerable
without my Stand.
My top priority
is protecting my body.
-[Narciso gasps]
-[sirens blaring]
What the hecks he doing?
[intense music]
[theme music]
Yo! Look, it's Batman!
Batman's right up there!
Freaking sweet!
[groans]
Damn it, why won't my body
just stay still?
Where is it even going?
[grunts]
[Anastasia's soul]
Why can't you see me
right in front of you, Weather?
Could it be because you're
not affected by its power?
You can leave
finding my body to me, Weather.
Just go after the enemy
Stand User!
Anastasia,
where did you go?
You cocky bastard!
How dare you waltz back
over here after what you did?
Stay put!
I'm calling the police!
-Hello, yes?
-I need some officers here.
Hey, hold on. By any chance,
were you talking to me?
Shut your mouth and get
the hell away from my store!
-Relax, man. Is this enough?
-Hmm.
I'm in a hurry, but I'm in need
of some information.
Not even close! Look what you
did to my store, you lunatic!
It's not like I have a wife
to run this place with me.
Wait, what? Are you saying
I've been in here already?
If you need more money,
I'll give you more.
I'll pay whatever.
So please, hang up
the phone, all right?
Now, which way did he go?
[Anastasia's soul]
Hurry and tell me.
-Huh?
-[Anastasia's soul grunts]
[Anastasia's soul]
Oh, uh, right.
The guy who came in here before
was my twin brother.
[officer]
What's going on over here?
Is there some kind of problem?
This is Unit 6.
We have located a man
who closely matches
the description of
the escaped convict.
[officer] Roger that.
Excuse me, sir, would you turn
around and face us, please?
[Anastasia's soul gasps]
[Anastasia's soul]
Ha! That's me!
My body was still in
the fucking chocolate shop
that whole time?
I asked you to turn around.
We just need you
to answer some questions.
Now, show us your face.
[suspenseful music]
[in deep voice]
There ain't no problem here.
See, officer?
[both] Mm-hm.
Um, sorry, sir.
Huh? Where did
that old man run off to?
[in normal voice]
Diver Drive.
I implanted chocolates
under the skin of my face.
[spits]
[anchor] Coming to you
with an update.
We have received word
that the character Kenshiro
from one of Japan's
many popular animated series,
has defeated the evil Raoh in
the streets of East Shinjuku!
It is an incident that reflects
exactly what happens
in the original story...
Hey, where are you hiding?
Come out right now!
[dwarf 1]
Yay! Hurray!
[dwarf 2]
The Princess has awakened!
Our lovely Snow White
has finally woken up!
The geezer
from the chocolate shop?
Hey there!
Did you find your story?
I'm tired of being
old and alone.
I don't need my body anymore!
My last days will be spent as
Snow White's Prince Charming.
It's my greatest dream
come true!
[all dwarves] It's just like
the story! Just like the stor!
"Like the story"? Again?
[suspenseful music]
[clock ticking slowly]
[goat 1] You bastard.
How dare you do this to me?
-[goat 1 bleating]
-[gasps]
-[Anastasia's soul] What?
How dare you?
I'm going to make you pay
for devouring my brothers,
you asshole.
[bleating]
What the shit is that thing?
-[goats bleating]
-[gasps]
[bleating weakly]
Did these things come out of
the chocolates
I used in my face?
Are they goats
or pieces of chocolate?
In the story,
he's very devious.
"The sly wolf managed to
trick the seven young goats
and entered their house.
And once he was inside,
the ferocious fur monster
went around capturing
and devouring
the young goats one by one."
"The only one that survived
was the youngest goat
and only because he hid
in the old grandfather clock!"
[Anastasia's soul] This story.
I know this one!
"The mother of the young goats
came back home to the slaughter
and was very angry."
"Upon finding the big bad wolf,
she took the scissors
and sliced his stomach open."
"Snip! Snip!"
"She dragged out his intestines
and proceeded to stuff him
full of rocks."
"So he'd sink in the river!"
That's enough reading!
No more stories!
[grunts]
[ominous music]
[groaning]
The wolf is the villain
of the story.
And I'm gonna make sure you pay
for eating my brothers!
Shit. Now I get
the enemy Stand's target.
It was never after my body.
It wanted me
to join the fantasy
and I've already been dragged
into a story!
[Van Gogh] Excuse me.
Good day, sir.
Is this the right way
to Saint-Rémy hospital?
Ask somebody else.
Oh? Excuse me there.
Wait, just a moment.
You are familiar with me, yes?
I'm not. Sorry,
but I'm not from around here.
So I couldn't help you
even if I wanted to.
No, no,
you've got it all wrong.
What I mean is,
you like me, yes?
It's written on your face
that you enjoy my work.
You were moved by it.
Allow me to introduce myself,
I'm Gogh
of Van Gogh's self-portrait.
Just last night with a
razor blade, I cut off my ear.
[eerie music]
[grunting]
Hm, yes, I see it in your eyes.
You were moved by me, correct?
Mother's coming back!
And when she gets here,
she's gonna make you pay
with her scissors!
You better believe when Mother
shows up, you'll be screwed.
[eerie music]
[scissors snipping]
[Mother goat] You bastard!
[breathing nervously]
You want some of this,
you bitch?
[gasps]
[goat 2] Mama!
We're over here! Hey!
[goat 2] We're in here, Mama!
Hey!
What did you say?
[goat 3] Ma! Help us, please.
[scissors snipping]
Bastard!
How dare you?
How dare you gobble up
my darling kids? I'll kill you!
[anchor] More news
on the fantasy hero stories.
The strange events which first
started in Florida of the US,
are no longer exclusively
characters from fantasy books
and cartoons.
We're now seeing various works
of fine art coming to life.
What does this mean for us?
Humankind's legacies, our
society's greatest treasures
-are vanishing before our eyes.
-[gasps]
[Weather's soul]
This damn Stand.
Its sole purpose
is protecting the priest.
And the User doesn't care
if the whole world
is collateral damage.
And the Stand itself
is invincible.
We need to defeat the User.
I think they're moving north.
Yes, I can sense them.
I don't know
where they're going,
but they're moving fast.
They must be in a vehicle.
By the way, young sir...
How many self-portraits
did he paint
over the course of his life?
Do you have any idea?
Stay away from me,
or I'll kick your ass!
[eerie music]
The answer
is approximately 40.
It's said he left them behind
as a window into his soul.
Until he cut off his own ear.
And then, when he reached
the ripe age of 37 years old,
he committed suicide by
shooting himself with a pistol.
[sloshing]
You're a self-portrait
as well, aren't you?
The one of Van Gogh
after he cut off his own ear.
What did you say?
-[gunshot]
-[gasps]
[grunting]
[groans]
[Van Gogh]
However, the truth of it is,
he shot two bullets
into his head.
He didn't die
from the first one.
That's right.
The man needed one more bullet
to put an end to his
pathetically miserable life.
[Weather's soul]
This... this enemy is...
Weather Forecast!
You need to go north!
Block off the highway
30 kilometers ahead
with a severe rainstorm.
Don't let any vehicles
headed in that direction
go any further!
[locks clicking]
Diver Drive transformed
the inner part of the door
and fused it into the wall.
Nothing's getting through
this door now.
-[crackling]
-[gasps]
[growling]
[screaming]
Diver Drive!
[intense music]
[shrieks]
[goat 1] My brothers
are saved, hurray!
It's just like the story.
[Anastasia's soul]
"Just like the story",
that's the only way
things can play out!
Which means destroying these
jacked up goats is impossible!
[manic screaming]
Use the wall, Diver Drive!
Phase through it!
[goats screaming]
Oh, damn. I really did it.
[grunts]
[gasps]
It's the policemen
from earlier.
Guess these guys
got separated too.
In any case, I need to get
inside before it's too late.
[shrieking]
[Mother goat]
Bring the rocks!
[goat 1]
We need more rocks over here.
Shit! It's no use.
Weather! Hurry up and kill
the fucking Stand User already!
[grunts]
What is this?
The enemy presence
that I felt heading north
just instantly started moving
towards the south.
No, could it be...
in the sky?
[man on PA] Flight 8250, to
Key West, has departed on time.
Despite thunderstorms,
we will arrive
at our destination
in approximately 45 minutes.
[Ungalo]
This sick-ass new power
that just awakened in me
is great.
And its only weakness
is if I get attacked directly.
But now,
nobody is gonna be able to
catch up to me on this plane.
No matter who they are.
What an awesome feeling.
This sense of fulfillment
is really getting me fired up!
[Father Pucchi]
In reproduction, to be born
is also to be chosen.
And the chosen one,
even in their struggle
against the other sperms
fighting for
their chance of life
is merely being raised up
and protected
by the ones beneath them.
The same can be said for those
who are drawn to me
through destiny.
These individuals exist
only to raise me up
towards my true goal
of obtaining heaven.
Now that Jolyne Cujoh has
escaped and is headed my way,
she will just be another
adversary for me to step over
on my path to ascension.
And you, sons of Dio,
you three shall protect me
on our journey
to the land of Cape Canaveral.
That will be you reason
for existing
and your source of bliss
until the end of your days.
[Ungalo]
All I've done up until now
was wander around aimlessly
as my life spiraled into
a total mess!
And I had no idea why.
But after today,
I finally understand!
I've been existing
through this living hell
for this ability!
Fuck drugs, I'll protect
that priest with my life!
And the best thing
that came out of this
is my Stand, Bohemian Ecstatic.
Thanks to this new power,
I get to watch the world
that's treated me like shit
slowly deteriorate
as its society
falls into chaos and despair!
[Weather's soul]
Damn it all. I can't catch up!
If the enemy User
is on a plane,
it's moving more than
400 kilometers per hour.
Even the largest hurricane
recorded in history
only had a wind speed of 280.
There's not
an atmospheric phenomenon
that can pursue the plane.
I let them get away!
Just one more bullet.
When I get hit
with the second bullet,
the story will come to its end.
This is bad.
Don't you dare
get any closer to that pistol!
If you even try touching it,
I'll kill you!
[Van Gogh grunts]
[intense music]
[grunts]
Anastasia!
[groaning]
Weather.
[suspenseful music]
Oh shit!
-[clicks]
-[gunshot]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[groaning]
Weather!
[grunts]
I'm melting?
What the hell is this, Weather?
[goat 1] All right!
[goat 2] The big bad wolf
is gonna drown to death!
-[goat 3] Just like the story.
-[goat 4] Hurray!
It's over.
Just as it should be.
I shall honor your sacrifice
by living a happy life
in your stead.
[newcaster]
According to the experts,
the countries
with the most damages
from this fantasy hero incident
are the United States...
[girl] "What can I do for you,
master Aladdin?"
-Huh?
-[girl] "Since you freed me,
I will be
your devoted servant."
"With my powers,
I can grant..."
Stop mumbling to yourself,
you little brat!
[whimpers] Give me
that book you're reading.
What is this?
[gasps]
I... I can't breathe.
What more could you want
from me?
Nothing, this is fine.
You've done well. Thanks.
You're a really
talented artist.
What did you make him draw,
huh, Weather?
[Weather] I had Van Gogh here
put his skills to work
and create a hero for me.
They have a story too.
Like most heroes,
they have powers.
The power to defeat
fantasy heroes
and return them all
back to normal!
[action music]
Wha...?
[screaming]
And the story
can only end one way,
with the hero bringing
everything back to reality!
[bleating, shrieking]
We're gonna return
just like the story describes.
Anastasia,
there's no need to worry.
We're gonna return to
our bodies unharmed.
[intense suspenseful music]
[girl] Hey! I said hey!
Come on. Give me back my book.
[newscaster]
Coming to you with an update.
It appears everything has
suddenly returned to normal.
All picture books,
paintings, comics, and films
have been restored.
Mona Lisa, Snow White, Batman,
and even Tweety Bird
have all returned.
Yet we have received reports
that Pinocchio
has not reverted
to its original place.
Are you asleep?
Was it too boring?
I don't see how though.
This story is so full of hope
and fun.
[gentle music]
Hey, what car are you
driving around in these days?
Huh?
You get a new one?
You aren't driving
the same car from before,
are you, Romeo?
[Romeo] J-Jolyne!
[Romeo] Just help me, Jolyne!
[lawyer] Have you ever heard
of "plea bargaining" before?
[judge] Defendant Jolyne Cujoh
is sentenced to 15 years in...
[Jolyne] Romeo!
Wait! I thought you were...
But how...
Make this easy, Romeo.
Don't go anywhere
near the phone.
Any phone for that matter.
Am I clear?
I would never
do something like that.
Ever since that day, I've been
regretting what I did.
[Romeo] I can't forgive the sin
I've committed against you.
After losing you the way I did,
I finally realized
just how stupid I was.
Jolyne, I swear to God,
I'm so sorry for betraying you.
How will you ever forgive...?
[shushing]
You don't have to say
a word, Romeo.
You're the only one in this
world for me. I see it now.
It has to be you, baby.
I tried to visit you in jail
too, but they didn't let me.
Oh, Romeo. Poor, poor Romeo.
Have you always
been this pitiful?
Listen, just forget
about the hit-and-run.
I don't care about it anymore.
I don't hate you.
And I don't hold a grudge.
Now that I know the wreck was
all part of a plot against me.
Romeo, I came here because
I need to ask you for a favor.
I want some money and a car.
There's an important place
I need to be.
[exhales deeply]
Yeah, sure. But I only have
a grand on me.
-And here, these are my keys.
-[keys jingle]
This is plenty.
Thank you, Romeo.
But if the police come by,
don't say anything.
Promise me.
Oh man, Jolyne,
I plan on turning myself in
so that I can prove
you were always innocent.
So please, come back to me!
[breathing heavily]
[exhales deeply]
Awesome, you got the keys
to his car. [chuckles]
Hello?
Yes, my name is Romeo Jisso,
and I live in Palm Beach.
Is this the police?
I'd like to report
an escaped convict.
Yes, her name is Jolyne Cujoh.
Like I thought.
Aren't you glad I told you
to plant one of my stickers
on that pendejo
and split it in two?
He's already calling the cops.
That snitch.
[Romeo] No, you're mistaken!
She never came to my house.
She couldn't have.
I'm calling in to report
because I just received
a call from her.
Yes, that's all.
She was begging for money,
but I turned her down.
I think she said
she was headed for Mexico.
[gasps]
Of course, if she calls again,
I'll let you know.
Yes. Goodbye.
Well, damn, look at that.
He didn't betray you after all.
[Romeo] If only she could
forgive me one day.
I'd do anything for her.
[Emporio] Hey, check it out.
Isn't it cool?
Your ex is loaded.
What do you think
he gave you?
Sure, his car keys are here,
but that's not all.
Look at that thing.
[gentle music]
Are we really allowed
to take that one?
I wanna try steering.
Flying the real thing
must be way different
from just reading
about it in books.
Romeo, you've changed.
I believe you.
But let's peel it off anyway.
Just in case.
Damn.
[Romeo screaming]
Let's get outta here.
[Jolyne]
If we take the helicopter,
we can get there
in a few hours.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]
[Rikiel] Father,
I understand that my mission
will be protecting you.
But before that,
will you please open my eyes?
You see, one of my eyelids...
it keeps on drooping down.
And it doesn't go back up.
It only goes up sometimes.